DAN: Just after we had finished destroying King
Zenoheld's BT System we were faced with another battle.
DAN: Spectra was determined to prove that
Helios was the Ultimate Bakugan.
DAN: Too bad for them, Drago brought the pain and
laid him out once and for all.
HELIOS: Drago...you are the ultimate Bakugan...You
are number one.
DAN: Believe it or not, even Spectra decided to
quit fighting us and come over to the Brawlers' side.
He actually joined our team.
SPECTRA: Things are looking...brighter.
\u266a What are you going to do?
\u266a The odds are stacked against you \u266a
\u266a Back against the wall
\u266a Gotta give it your all...
\u266a Ah ha ah ha
\u266a this is the final stand
\u266a the power's in your hand
\u266a Two worlds collide
\u266a On the inside
\u266a You gotta fight for what's right \u266a
\u266a Before it's gone, gone, gone \u266a
\u266a This is BAKUGAN!
[\u266a]
MIRA: Keith, I'm so scared that this is too good to
be true.
MIRA: Please be back for good.
DAN: Hey Mira!
MIRA: Huh?
DAN: What are you doing up so early?
MIRA: Uh...well, y'know...
KEITH: Good morning, Mira.
MIRA: Good morning!
DAN: The Bakugan Battle Brawlers in: Fusion Confusion.
MIRA: Whah? [giggle]
KEITH: [giggle]
MIRA: You're such a kidder. [laughter]
KEITH: [laughter]
BARON: Would you look at those two.
BARON: It looks like they're totally back to
normal with each other.
BARON: They're both acting as though the whole
Spectra thing never happened.
MARUCHO: Spectra's dead now, so we should all act
that way.
DAN: Yup...He's Keith now.
DAN: The newest member of the Battle Brawlers.
ACE: Hmmpphh. You guys are awful quick to trust him.
DAN: Hey, c'mon! What's your problem, man?
You were there at the end of that battle.
When he took his mask off and said he didn't want to
fight, he meant it!
JULIE: Would you take it easy Dan.
Ace is just mad that Mira's focus is on someone
else, and not him.
DAN: Huh? What are you talking about?
RUNO: Awww. Cute and clueless.
DAN: Huh?
JULIE: Mira's just excited to see her big bro, okay loverboy?
JULIE: Reeelaaaxxx!
ACE: Owwwwww! [cough] Are you outta your mind!
JULIE: Haaaah!
PERCIVAL: Julie's right. You've got nothing to worry about.
ACE: What? I don't need this from you too!
ALL: [laughter]
KATO: Excuse me everyone.
May I have your attention please.
KATO: Could I ask you all to please assemble in the
Operation Room.
DAN: Hmmm? What for?
MARUCHO: Wicked! It's ready!
MIRA: Huh?
KEITH: It's time.
[\u266a]
MARUCHO: I wanted to show you guys this.
MARUCHO: It's a scan of the phantom data we
received a few days ago.
DAN: What is it?
RUNO: Is that thing making music?
MARUCHO: Now look here...
MARUCHO: The one on the right is the data Keith received.
ACE: Woah...Check it out.
SHUN: Both strands are practically identical.
MARUCHO: Actually, I think you're wrong, Shun...Come
and take a closer look. See?
[\u266a]
DAN: Oh man...
MARUCHO: Yup. Both data strands are exactly the same.
MIRA: No way!
MIRA: What are the odds that Keith would receive
the same data as us?
BARON: Who knows, but that must be the reason why the
Bakugan I fought in Interspace had the same
Battle Gear as Helios.
[\u266a]
HELIOS: [mighty roar]
BARON: If that data is how you built the Battle Gear,
then does that mean we can rig some sick machinery
for Nemus too?
HELIOS: If anyone should get the next set of Battle
Gear it's Drago.
DRAGO: What? Why me?
KEITH: It's true.
With his current stage of evolution we could analyze
Drago's DNA code and splice it with the phantom data.
KEITH: From that we could build a customized set of
Battle Gear for Drago.
DAN: I'm not sure.
DRAGO: Sounds risky.
JULIE: Ahh..No way!
Think about how powerful you'd be Drago.
DAN: That's a good point...You'd be
unstoppable with some Battle Gear.
DRAGO: But I thought...
DAN: Huh?
DRAGO: ...I already was unstoppable.
DAN: Huh? !
I guess you did destroy...the BT System on
your own...and you beat Helios.
DAN: Now that you've evolved into Helix
Dragonoid, maybe you don't need the Battle Gear.
SHUN: Dan...Drago is satisfied, don't force him.
DRAGO: I feel good the way I am.
HELIOS: Don't deny yourself this improvement, Drago.
KEITH: We need to consider the possibility that we're
not the only ones with the phantom data.
[\u266a]
MIRA: Do you think...Father...?
ZENOHELD: Useless, incompetent fools!
ZENOHELD: You're supposed to be working with me not
against me!
ZENOHELD: This is twice you've destroyed my plans!
PRINCE HYDRON: [distressed]
[grunt] [distressed]
ZENOHELD: Once again, I am forced to flee to another
dimension like a scurrying rodent.
All because you've failed me!
PRINCE HYDRON: But...Father...
ZENOHELD: Siiiiiilence!
PRINCE HYDRON: [grunt, coughing]
MYLENE: Please, your Royal Majesty...
MYLENE: ...we did the best we could.
It's not us who failed you.
ZENOHELD: Then who did?
MYLENE: I don't want to point fingers.
If you could be patient ...
ZENOHELD: Enough!
I've been patient and now have nothing to show for it.
Answer my question NOW!
MYLENE: Sir...
PRINCE HYDRON: It's Professor Clay's fault!
He and his Mechanical Bakugan are the useless ones.
ZENOHELD: Clay huh?
Someone bring him to me right now!
PROFESSOR CLAY: I knew it.
PROFESSOR CLAY: I should have analyzed this sooner.
It was a mistake to focus everything on the
Mechanical Bakugan Strategy.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Hopefully, I'm not too late to
salvage this...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...and bring King Zenoheld a victory.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Spectra may have had a head start
on this but no matter...
PROFESSOR CLAY: His gift is for fighting, not science.
So he's at a disadvantage.
PROFESSOR CLAY: I will harness the power of this
mysterious data and take it to a level that no one else can.
PROFESSOR CLAY: What is this?
It looks as though there is a map embedded here...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...and it leads back to the
dimension where the transmission containing
the data originated from.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [mad scientist laughter]
PROFESSOR CLAY: What an interesting...new
development this is.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Let's see who has the head start
now, my son.
Let's see!
DAN: Do you really think the Vexos have the same data?
KEITH: I offered to share it with Professor Clay and
he wasn't interested.
That suggests to me that he probably already has it.
DAN: If they have the same technology then we've got
no choice.
We have to upgrade to Battle Gear.
DAN: If we wanna win then we have to level the
playing field.
DAN: But...how do you feel about a mechanical body, Drago?
DRAGO: Not good.
WILLDA: It's against our nature.
NEMUS: We've fought so hard to prove we're sentient beings.
PERCIVAL: What you're asking, is the first step
toward turning us into mindless robot drones.
KEITH: The Battle Gear we'd be creating would be
utilizing your DNA code.
It would be organic to your body, not foreign.
It would be a totally natural enhancement.
INGRAM: You're saying it would be like constructing
armour from our own flesh and bone?
DRAGO: As long as you can assure me that it's
nothing like what the Vexos did with Mechanical
Bakugan or how you altered Helios when you tried to
make him the Ultimate Bakugan.
DAN: Drago...
MARUCHO: Be sure.
DRAGO: Okay. I'll do it for the benefit of the group.
DAN: Right on!
MARUCHO: You're the best!
BARON: Drago's a total rockstar!
PREYAS: Whoa!
ELFIN: Oh, you're so brave!
DRAGO: C'mon. Let's go.
DAN: You bet!
KEITH: Drago's evolution is so advanced it's going
to take some time to fully analyze his DNA.
KEITH: For now we can create a hybrid prototype
by splicing a portion of his DNA strand with
Helios' Battle Gear.
KEITH: It won't be as precise as the final version,
but it will give us a sense of the possibilities.
HELIOS: Try not to scratch my Battle Gear, okay?
DRAGO: I'll do my best.
KEITH: Here we go.
[beeping]
[\u266a]
DAN: Whoa!
ALL: [ooooh ahhh]
KEITH: Well this version is just a mock up of course...
KEITH: ...based on the system's initial analysis
of Drago's DNA...
KEITH: ...and its compatibility with Helios'
Battle Gear.
MARUCHO: So depending on the results of the
analysis, the final version could be quite
different from this?
MARUCHO: I can't wait to see it.
The suspense is killing me.
This is worse than waiting to open your presents on
Christmas morning.
MIRA: Would it help if we put Drago in Bakugan
Interspace and then scanned and collected his
battle data results from there?
DAN: Huh? Good idea.
MARUCHO: Why didn't I think of that?
KEITH: So this is Bakugan Interspace.
DAN: Hah! Look who's still here.
DAN: Good thing we're looking for opponents.
KEITH: [gasp]
MARUCHO: Keith, meet Subterra Coredem...
MARUCHO: ...Ventus Hawktor...
MARUCHO: ...Aquos Akwimos...
MARUCHO: ...and Haos Aranaut.
KEITH: How do you know their names?
MARUCHO: In my analysis of the phantom data I found
their names encrypted deep in the code.
DAN: We good to go...Drago?
DRAGO: Yes.
DRAGO: I guess it's now or never.
HELIOS: You sound nervous.
BARON: Hey, who's the unlucky one who's gonna go
toe to toe with Drago?
Any of you guys brave enough, huh?
ACE: Yeah, I'm game guys.
JULIE: No way! You guys get to do all the fun stuff.
RUNO: Yeah, how bout giving one of us girls a turn?
BARON: Hey,common guys! Take it easy. Let's not fight!
NEMUS: Yeah! We're all on the same side here.
INGRAM: There must be a fair way for us to decide.
DAN: Hah.
KEITH: Listen up...I developed the Battle
Gear...I'm the one who's going to fight.
KEITH: Except, I'll be fighting as Spectra.
MIRA: But Keith...!
DAN: Okay!
SPECTRA: [chuckle]
HELIOS: Still up for it? Huh?
DAN: Sure, why not? Lets do it for old time's sake.
[\u266a]
DAN: Okay, Spectra. Here's to a friendly battle.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Could this be the start of a
beautiful friendship, Dan?
[\u266a]
JULIE: You can do this, Dan!
RUNO: Go Dan go!
MIRA: Oh Keith.
DAN: Remember Drago, we're friends with Keith, but
we're brawling with Spectra.
DAN: So let's give him our 100% okay!
DRAGO: Of course. No question.
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Helios...I'd like to see
what these strange Bakugan can do...why don't you sit
this one out.
HELIOS: I understand.
DAN/SPECTRA: Gauntlet! Power Strike!
DAN: Bring it on, Spectra!
DAN: Gate Card, set!
DAN: Let's go, Drago. Bakugan Brawl!
DAN: Bakugan stand!
DAN: Go Pyrus Helix Dragonoid!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Go Bakugan Brawl!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan Stand!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Rise Ventus Hawktor!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: Here I come!
ACE: Whoa! Drago looks more fierce than ever!
MARUCHO: Both those guys have power levels of 900!
No way...That's totally intense!
PREYAS: That means they're even right from the start!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Enough!
DAN: What's that? Running away already?
DRAGO: I don't think he is.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan Brawl!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Bakugan stand!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Go Subterra Coredem!
[\u266a]
DAN: Seriously? Two against one this early in the battle?
KEITH/SPECTRA: This simulation is useless
unless we go all out...Go Coredem!
Fight!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain] Arrrrrggggghhhh!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hawktor, Ability Activate!
DRAGO: [pain, exertion]
DAN: Awww! Drago! Daaaaang! Ability activate!
DAN: Dragon Hummer!
DRAGO: [rising roar]
KEITH/SPECTRA: What?
DAN: Dragon Hummer is an ability unique to Pyrus
Helix Dragonoid!
DAN: It puts Drago into hyper mobility
hand-to-hand combat mode...
DAN: ...and nullifies the opponent's ability!
Now Drago!
Take him down hard, buddy!
DRAGO: My pleasuuuuuuuuure!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
BARON: Whoa! He's getting rag-dolled!
SHUN: That's power!
DRAGO: Hmmph. Big deal! [gasp]
DRAGO: Arrrrggggghhh!
DAN: Draaaaagggggoooo!
KEITH/SPECTRA: These digital clones are...not
too shabby.
HELIOS: They are mighty opponents indeed.
HELIOS: I'm going to have to up my game so I don't
get left behind.
KEITH/SPECTRA: I don't understand.
Where did all this data come from?
DAN: Spectra!
DAN: No time for daydreaming, buddy. Wake up!
Ability activate!
[\u266a]
DAN: Galactic Dragon!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hawktor! Ability activate!
DRAGO: Haaaaaaahhhhh!
KEITH: Coredem, protect Hawktor!
Ability, activate!
DRAGO: What the?
DAN: Man, he's good.
PREYAS: This is bad!
ELFIN: He's taking a real beating out there!
DAN: [growl]
KEITH/SPECTRA: Dan! Come on!
DAN: Huh?
KEITH/SPECTRA: Use the Battle Gear now!
KEITH/SPECTRA: This is the prefect time to test it.
DAN: Got it! Ready Drago? !
GAUNTLET: Ready, Jet Core.
DAN: Battle Gear...Boost!
[\u266a]
DRAGO: [pain, exertion]
DAN: Drago! What's wrong? !
DRAGO: Don't worry. I'm okay. Keep going.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Now it's our turn.
GAUNTLET: Ready, Swayther Rock Hammer.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Battle Gear...Boost!
[\u266a]
DAN: Man! You gave them both Battle Gear?
KEITH/SPECTRA: You have to stop thinking of this as practice.
Fight like your life depends on it.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Use your battle gear to its full potential!
DRAGO: Alright. I'm ready for it.
[grunt, pain]
DAN: Drago! Are you sure you're okay? !
DRAGO: Yes...I'm fine.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Let's do this.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Hawktor Coredem...Battle Gear
ability activate!
DRAGO: [pain, exertion]
Haaaaaahhhhhh!
ACE: Whoa! Nice one!
RUNO: Give it to 'em , Drago!
DAN: Yeah dude! Way to go!
DRAGO: [pain, exertion]
DRAGO: I don't understand...none of my
evolutions hurt like this.
[gasp]
DRAGO: [grunt, pain]
DAN: No! Drago!
DAN: Ouch. You okay? !
[gasp] Oh no!
DRAGO: [grunt, pain] It feels like I'm being ripped apart!
KEITH/SPECTRA: His body seems to be rejecting the
Battle Gear.
MARUCHO: Then we need to get it off of him.
It's way too dangerous to continue.
DAN: Uh...okay.
DAN: Pull the plug! Drago!
DRAGO: No! Not yet!
DRAGO: We can't give up. Zenoheld and the
Vexos might return.
DAN: But Drago!
DRAGO: I mean it, Dan. I won't quit!
DRAGO: I can do this! Trust me.
DAN: Drago...
KEITH/SEPCTRA: Hmmmph...His commitment...is impressive.
Well done, Drago.
HELIOS: Spectra...
HELIOS: If Drago says he can keep going...
KEITH/SPECTRA: We should let him.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Let's go...Hawktor! Coredem!
[\u266a]
DAN: Hey, what the...?!
MARUCHO: Ahhhhhh! Ahhhh!
DAN: Stop it Spectra! You're not helping Drago!
KEITH/SPECTRA: Just listen to me closely, Dan.
We need to push Drago to his potential.
HELIOS: Don't give in, Drago. Don't let it destroy you.
DAN: What? ! [gasp]
DRAGO: I've got this, Dan. Let's finish this...Spectra!
DAN: Drago...Okay, I'll back your play...Battle
Gear Ability, Activate!
DAN: Jetkor!
KEITH/SPECTRA: No way! He did it!
DRAGO: [mighty roar]
[\u266a]
KEITH/SPECTRA: [gasp] He froze them and blocked their movement.
DRAGO: [grunt, pain into mighty roar]
DAN: Hold on Drago! Win thiiiiiiiissss!
DRAGO: That's what I plan to do...Haaaaaah!
[\u266a]
BARON: Yeeeeeeaaaaaaahhhhhh!
MIRA/MARUCHO: [cheer]
JULIE: Great Brawling, Drago!
DAN: Drago! Huh?
MARUCHO: Look there! It happened again!
DRAGO: [panting, exertion, grunt]
DAN: We did it, buddy. Nice job...
Oh no!
DAN: Drago...
PERCIVAL: It took everything he had.
KEITH/SPECTRA: Luckily, we managed to collect enough
of his battle data.
KEITH/SPECTRA: We can use it to develop a custom set
of Battle Gear that won't damage his body.
PREYAS: You want to put more gear on him?
MARUCHO: I'll put a rush on the analysis of Drago's DNA code!
KEITH: Mira...can you go help Marucho with that?
MIRA: Ah ha.
SHUN: Let's just hope the Vexos don't hit us before Keith
is done.
MIRA: Hmmmm. - Father.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [evil scientist laughter] I did it!
PROFESSOR CLAY: I found the \"Alternative\"!
PROFESSOR CLAY: Your Majesty!
ZENOHELD: What do you mean \"alternative\"?
PROFESSOR CLAY: I came upon it as I was analyzing
the unknown data.
It is the ultimate weapon for the Battle Gear -
PROFESSOR CLAY: If we can produce this 'Alternative'
lethal weapon system then it means...
PROFESSOR CLAY: ...we are assured control of all
dimensional worlds.
ZENOHELD: The ultimate weapon for battle gear...
Hmph, interesting...
ZENOHELD: Carry on, Professor...And make this
weapon a reality so that we may conquer all worlds.
PROFESSOR CLAY: Yes sir. Thank you, sir.
PROFESSOR CLAY: [laughter]
I have you now...Keith!
VOLT: This \"Alternative\" weapons system that
Professor Clay is developing will possess
the power to annihilate all mankind.
I thought the BT System was bad, but this is pure evil.
VOLT: Being around the palace while he worked on
it was too much so I went home for a visit.
The town had completely changed...or maybe it's just me.
I feel like I have lost something precious and
need to get it back.
But for whatever reason, my Vexos past seems to
keep getting in the way.
VOLT: Maybe you should tune.
VOLT: Bakugan Brawl!
VOLT: What do you think Boriates?